HW #2 (Linter & Code review) (#2)
GenesisEducationKyiv/software-engineering-school-4-0-eluyema: README.md

> **This project use DDD architecture, node.js, nest.js, prisma, nodemailer.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This project uses DDD architecture, node.js, nest.js, prisma, nodemailer.**
```

> For mail template it use handlebars templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For mail template it uses handlebars templates.
```

How to start application?

1. You need to create .env file (look at example .env-sample)
2. If you use .env-sample, than you need to set up SMPT env variables and API_KEY which you can take free from [openexchangerates.org](https://openexchangerates.org/)
3. Run docker compose file with commands "docker-compose up"

> This application have unit tests, you can ran it with command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application has unit tests, you can run it with command:
```
